all right so I'm going to remove this tenderloin
and now what we're going to do is we're going to
remove this vertebrae from the strip loin itself
there is one bone in our strip line
this is our 13th rib bone, sorry
not one bone there's one rib bone in
our short loin and this is the 13th rib
and this is our d-bone striploin now
traditionally when one would order a striploin
this would have a lot of fat cap and a lot of
restaurants would not prefer to have as much
backpack because a lot of it will just go directly
into the garbage so when you see a striploin
you'll often hear people referring to 2
numbers that would be placed before the wordstriploin
and so often one of the most popular ways
to order a striploin is by saying something like
zero by one and zero by one is referring
to the thickness of both this tail region
so how much of this tail you want to leave on
your tenderloin and the quantity of fat cap so
if we wish to cut this down further
that will trim back my my tail from here now
we are ready to start cutting some steakes
traditionally most butchers will cut a steak
from a striploin fat cap up now one of
the great way reasons why we would do this is
this way I can measure out my steaks so assuming
that I want to cut all my steaks at approximately
one inch first thing I will do is I will square up
my striploin and then I'm going to make
a little mark in the actual fat itself
so I can measure out all my steaks
now that I have my my markers down
I can start cutting my steaks